By running this software past this point and/or having it stored on your computer for more than 24 hours you agree to the entire of the flowing document:


As a owner of this copy of the software you are entitled to use and reproduce for your own personal use this software providing you do the following:
1. Do not in anyway claim that you have made or contibuted to it in any way shape or from unless your name or nickname appears in the credits and do not claim to have done more than you
    acctualy did for the project if you name does show up all credits can be found in the 'credits.txt' file.
2. Do not under any circumstances alow for the transfer of this software between computers that are not fully owned and controlled by you.
3. When disposing of computer parts/hardware enshure all traces of this program is cleared from the computer/hardware.
4. Do not provide downloads of this softweare with out the permission of the project founder, lead developer or project admin as listed in the credits with all publicly known names/nicknames.
5. Take resonabe precaution with regards to the sucruity of your computer to prevent un-orthorised acess that could lead to the public distibution of this prograrm.
6. Do not modify or create any fake copies of this software with motives to publicly release it as either an imposter copy, way of damaging the reputation of
    the devleloper(s) or infecting another person's computer with a virus.
7. Do not distribute any free downloads or patches to the softwere without consent of the creators of this program.
8. You also accept that this copy of the software entitles you to know techincal support or assistance as that is given purley by discression of the creators of this progarm.
9. You agree to not to harass any people on development with regards to the software.
10.You make every attempt to notify a developer of a bug that poses a sucurity risk.
11.You are not required to but are strongly advised that you do notify a developer of a minor bug or any suggestions you may have that haven't already been denied as per your knowledge at that time.
12.Accept all responsiblity for any issues or dammage that may occor from installing, downloading, storing, using, editing or other activites related to the progarm.
13.You also agree to not try to run this prograrm without accepting this lisense.

If you do not accept you are required to remove any traces of this progarm from your computer or any cloud based survices or remoable sotrage divices or accept within
24 hrs if you have not accepted within 24hrs you must either remove this progarm or it will automaticly be considered as an acceptance!

